Hi guys, in the in this video I want to
show you how to use uh this model 12.2
image to video to create nice video like
this from image uh reference
creates from GPT.
Okay, let's
okay first thing first open the confi on
this folder run it from the Nvidia GPU.
Okay, now let's go to templates.
After going to templates, okay, I want
to test this model.
Okay, this one.
Okay, you must download those files.
I'll download those files. [sighs] Uh,
simply click to the download button from
here and the downloading is begin. Or
you can download it by copy URL and open
the internet download manager
uh paste URL
and start download for me. I download
all of those files. Okay, let's put the
one by one and uh and
okay, let's put the the missing model in
the in our place
or place. Okay, first thing first, let's
go here. Diffusion model one.2 image to
video.
Okay,
this my model is
let's return here to the confi.
Go right here confi. Go to modus.
Okay, let's search for diffusion mod.
I know
you can see marking those finest here.
Let's see
those two files in Lois.
Let's search modulus. Where is Loris?
Let's go
that files
here and Loris.
Okay. Now let's see.
Let's reload the page and see it works
or not. Okay.
Okay. You must download those missing
files. But I downloaded previously. Now
add your image and add your font right
here. And the video is here.
Okay. Let's go here to chat GPT.
create.
I miss
my
voice.
Hello. Thank you.
I want to choose this uh
image as a reference here
and I want prompt from here to convert
is to video.
Okay, let's choose one of them. Okay,
let's choose this. Let's save it. After
saving this image, let's go right here.
Download this. Put it right here. After
that,
Okay,
I want
the gift
image
video
one 2.2 to
video.
Uh, give me
a prompt.
Uh, okay. This is a prompt.
Okay, this add the prompt right here.
And now let's change the width and
height
was 12 GB of VM. It's low
right here. Okay, now let's run.
Okay. Uh, it takes around uh 3 minutes
to make video like this using this uh uh
model
with 5 seconds video using 12 GB of V
RAM. I think it's good.